Added bullet to known limitation section regarding Hardhat Toolbox (#21)
dl-solidity-library/hardhat-migrate: README.md

## Known limitations

> - This plugin, as well as the [Hardhat Toolbox](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-toolbox) plugin, uses the [@nomiclabs/hardhat-etherscan](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nomiclabs/hardhat-etherscan) plugin internally, so both of these plugins cannot be imported at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This plugin, as well as the [Hardhat Toolbox](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-toolbox) plugin, use the [@nomiclabs/hardhat-etherscan](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nomiclabs/hardhat-etherscan) plugin internally, so both of these plugins cannot be imported at the same time. A quick fix is to manually import the needed plugins that ToolBox imports.
```
